Croscon Beer Club Round 2: `Rockaway Brewery <https://www.rockawaybrewco.com>`_ (06/03).
==============================================================================

Welcome back. It's time for round 2.

Last time we took the ferry across the East River, enjoyed a delicious stout, saison, and tripple (among others), and 
we even topped the night off with some surprise McSorley's Ale with our burgers. So, what's in store this time?

brew install croscon/beerclub/2
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For our second trip, we'll be going... right back to Long Island City! To `Rockaway Brewery 
<https://goo.gl/maps/Wkt7iPMrpxm>`_. Features include: Reggae Music, an ESB, an Irish Stout, a Kolsh, 
and six others! Oh, and growlers!

Rockaway offers beer tasting from 3pm to 10pm on Friday, so we have plenty of time. Also, looks like if we show
up at 5pm, we can get a tour of the brewery, if anyone's down (I know I am).

I assume we'll take the ferry again, but that's really up to you guys.

We'll be leaving at 5pm if we're not doing the tasting tour, or earlier if we are (we can figure that out). We'll be 
going on **Friday, June 3rd**.

Like last time, everyone is welcome, and so are friends/family. Let me know if you're going via RSVP's, so we can grab 
table nice and early.

The Guest List (So Far)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Chris Gullian
- Hayden Chudy
- Neil Daftary
- Eli Gundry
- Adam Heim
- Brian Rose
- Paul Decotiis
- Neil Newman

Addendum
~~~~~~~~

- RST is fucking ridiculous.
- I learned more about Homebrew just to write this.