h1. Croscon Beer Club Round 4: "McSorley's Old Ale House (08/26)":http://mcsorleysoldalehouse.nyc/

Pull up a barstool, because it's time for round 4!

The last outing was a delightful affair to Alphabet City's own ABC Beer Co. There was excellent
beer cheese, a great bottled and draft selection, including one of their own, and a wide 
assortment of imported Italian cookie butters (which I didn't even know was a thing). So, what
are we pouring up this time?

h2. @brew cask install croscon/beerclub/4@

For our fourth trip, we're heading to the oldest continually running ale house in the entire
city... McSorley's Old Ale House in the scenic East Village.

McSorley's has been open and running since 1854, leaving it at 162 consecutive operating years.
Hordes of famous folks have passed through those doors and they didn't even allow women into
the bar until the 1970's! They feature two beers on tap (both delicious) and a limited menu
of Irish affair, such as Liverwurst and Corned Beef Hash. This is a far cry from everywhere
else we've been, but the history is undeniable.

McSorley's is a decently spacious area, but it's also wildly popular. When we get there around
6, I'm expecting a decent amount of open areas, but by 8 or 9 it's sure to be packed and we may
want to relocate. As always, I highly encourage everyone to come drink with us, and bring
whomever you please!

We'll be leaving at 5:15pm on *Friday, Augst 26th* and it should be a 15-20 minute train ride.

Please RSVP if you plan to attend, and, again, you're welcome to bring whomever!

h2. The Guest List (So Far)

# Hayden Chudy
# Adam Heim
# Peter Pak
# Heather Termyna
# Neil Newman
# Paul Decotiis
# Brian Rose
# Neil Daftary (tentative based on how groovy he's feeling)

h2. Addendum

* Again, there's no reso's here, so we're on our own.
* I picked Textile this time, which is like a bastard child of AsciiDoc and Markdown, not too bad.
** Uses the same list nesting scheme as AsciiDoc.
***  Put then uses weird pseudo-HTML tags for headers and paragraphs. Super strange.
* This is what BitBucket uses out of the box... Ewwww...
* God dammit... the lines don't auto-wrap. I ain't fixing that...