# Croscon Beer Club Round 5: [Greenpoint Beer and Ale](http://www.greenpointbeer.com/) (09/23).

Grab a mug, because it's time for round 5.

Last time we trekked downtown to the oldest continuously running pub in the city,
enjoying both of their house brews, some onions, some sharp cheddar, and some saltines.
That was it. But, we did grab a table and brought some new friends along!

So, where are we going next?

## brew install croscon/beerclub/5

For our fifth trip, we're heading out to Brooklyn, to enjoy [Greenpoint Beer and Ale](http://www.greenpointbeer.com/).
A small five barrel brewery opened in 2014 with a focus on creative English, Belgian, and German beers.

I believe their online beer menu is a bit dated, but there should be at least two of their own beers on tap,
and for food they have an open kitchen serving traditional European comfort food. The food ranges from
brisket, to panko-breaded schnitzel, and even includes vegan options!

We can get a reservation or just show up at an early hour. We can take the ferry, if we'd
like, but it's a decent walk from there to the brewery once we get to Greenpoint. However,
our other options are legit the G or cabs.

We'll be leaving at 5:45-6pm and we'll be going on **Friday, Septempber 23rd**. Remember, there's a
That's My Jam that day, so if you intend to do both, plan your day around it!

As always, everyone is welcome, and so are friends/family. Let me know if you're interested, so I can prepare
to grab a table.

## The Guest List (so far)

* OG
* Newman
* HJC
* EG

## Additional Notes

* I wrote this one in Markdown because my time is limited with my move =(. We'll return to
  our normally scheduled programming next month!