# Croscon Beer Club Round 7: [Bridge and Tunnel Brewery](http://bridgeandtunnelbrewery.com/wordpress1/) (11/18)

Grab some beer nuts, we're going in for round 7.

Our last venture was likely our greatest since Transmitter. KCBC did
everything but disappoint and contained some of the best brews we've ever
gotten to sample. With 9 beers on tap and not a single one disappointing
(special shoutout to Hipster Highway, the most drinkable beer I've had, and
their amazing Octoberfest), it's high up on the list for a revisit.

So, how do we top that?


## brew cask install croscon/beerclub/7

For our seventh trip, we're heading out to Queens (the weird part that hugs 
the right side of Brooklyn) to [Bridge and Tunnel
Brewery](http://bridgeandtunnelbrewery.com/wordpress1/). A small, "nano-scale
micro-brewery", Bridge and Tunnel was launched by a single brewer (with some help
from Kickstarter), who is still the sole operator to this day (with a little more
help from his wife). With over 10 years of brewing experience, Bridge and Tunnel
focuses on beers with a "flavorful kick", resulting in beers that are as colorful
in the glass as they are on your palette.

This definitely shows in their current tap list. A list that includes two
Kombuchas (a club first), a Maple Brown Ale, a Barley Wine, and a Sour Stout.
In total, it looks like they have eleven beers on tap, all made by them. I
don't think they have any food on site, but I imagine we can bring some in if
really needed or grab a bite afterwards.

It doesn't look like we need a reservation, so we'll just show up around 6 to
6:15pm, like we always do. We'll be taking the L to get there and it's about
a 5 minute walk from the Halsey Street stop. The entire trip will likely take
around 45 minutes.

We'll be leaving around 5:15-5:30pm on **Friday, November 18th**. As has been
the norm for the last three meetups, there is a That's My Jam that day, so if
you intend to do both and have a busy Friday, be sure to come in early.

As always, everyone is welcome and we'd love for as many people, plus friends
and family, to join us. Let me know if you're interested and I'll add your
name to my list.


## The Guest List


* Adam Heim

* Chris Gullian

* Eli Gundry

* Elisha Goberdon

* Hayden Chudy

* Neil Newman

* Pook

## Additional Notes

- I wrote this in YAML and even created a [small renderer](https://github.com/hjc1710/ccbc/blob/master/tools/renderer.py) for it.
  - It's some decent Python and it's even documented.
- This then renders to Markdown, with a little link at the bottom pointing to
  the source.
- It started out as JSON, but then I went to write a multi-line intro and
  realized I didn't hate myself. From there, I quickly pivoted to YAML.
  I think I'll try hjson next time, and then like... `ini` files.
  - Or finally suck it up and do the org mode thing...
- In totally unrelated news, I went to a beer garden in DC this weekend and
  had my first ever boot of beer. It was fucking glorious. And it was a pils
  brewed by them, it was pretty dank.
  - The four soft pretzels we ordered was easily the highlight though...


Rendered from source file: [trips/007.yaml](/trips/007.yaml).