# Croscon Beer Club Round 9: [Big Alice Brewing](http://bigalicebrewing.com/) (01/20)

I hope you enjoyed your sober 2017, because it's time to end it!


Our last foray took us to LIC Beer Project, which was, conveniently enough, in
Long Island City. There we enjoyed a solid sour, an AMAZING bier de garde (my
favorite ever), and we even ordered a pizza and made the bartender order
breakfast! Easily one of the top venues yet.


What's up next, though?

## brew cask install croscon/beerclub/9

For our ninth trip, we're just going to go ahead and finish off the major
breweries in Long Island City, with [Big Alice
Brewing](http://bigalicebrewing.com/)! Big Alice is another nano-brewery
(like Bridge and Tunnel), meaning they only produce brews in very small
batches for very limited runs. This allows them to be flexible and creative
and to experiment with a variety of different types of beers that range
a wide variety of flavors. They're also a New York State Brewery, meaning all
of their ingredients are grown on local NY farms. Hops and malts included.


Their current menu includes 12 beers, including: a dry hopped sour, a sweet
potato farmhouse ale, and a Jalapeno Rye. In total, there are 4 sours on tap,
2 IPA's, 2 honey beers, and even a stout and a Kolsch. This is the first
brewery I've already been to, earlier this month, and I can guarantee you
that they are excellent. I enjoyed a smoked saison that tasted exactly like
a fine cheese, and a cranberry gose while there. I'm very excited to see an
entirely new menu though!


Their tasting room opens at 5pm on Fridays, so I imagine we'll show up around
6. It's not very large, so the earlier we show up, the better. It's a short
30 minute trip on the F train, so travel shouldn't be an issue. It's going to
be a bit of a walk though after we get off the train though.


We'll be leaving at 5:30pm on **Friday, January 20th**. There's NOT a That's
My Jam that day, as a note.


As always, everyone is welcome to come along and we'd love to have as many
attendees as possible. Friends and family are also welcome, just tell them to
meet us there!

## The Guest List


* Hayden Chudy

* Neil Newman

* Elisha Goberdon

* Neil Daftary

* Eli Gundry

* Paul Decotiis

* Peter Pak

* Adam Heim

## Additional Notes


- Used Python's ConfigParser for this one. Lists were an interesting
challenge.
- Let's me reuse my same script though.
- I have no idea where we'll go after this, because I can't steal from LIC
anymore =(.

Rendered from source file: [trips/009.cfg](/trips/009.cfg).