# Beer Club Round 12: [A Nu Start](https://singlecutbeer.com/tap-room/) (4/28)
    

It's been a full year of drinking, so let's celebrate!

That's right, this is the 12th consecutive beer club, and our official one
year anniversary. A year ago we all trekked out to LIC and enjoyed our
first ever meeting at Transmitter Brewery. Still a favorite of mine and the
club's, we didn't have a single bad beer there and it was a great way to
kick things off. It's amazing to think it's already been a year.

In more recent time, we went to Folksbier Brewery, where we solved our the
previous issue we had with space by grabbing three full tables and
accommodating the most guests and friends, ever. The beer there was...
I don't even remember which beers I had, to be honest. I mostly remember
the beer cheese and the pretzels, oh dear god the pretzels... I don't
remember the beer being bad though!

Now, what kind of fun do I have for us this month?
	

## brew cask install hjc/beerclub/12


For our anniversary trip, we're fittingly going to Queens again, but this
time to Astoria. To [SingleCut
Beersmiths](https://singlecutbeer.com/tap-room/)! SingleCut is a small, but
prestigious brewery in Astoria. You've likely seen or had their IPA's
around the city in various bars, but their home base is pretty awesome. As
big music and barbecue fans, their tap room is spacious, plays great music,
has games, and even has food on the weekends. Their brew style is typically
IPA focused, but they also currently have a Pilsner, an India Pale Lager,
and a White Lager on tap, and are adding a sour ale with guava to their tap
lineup this Friday!

This is a location I've been to before (it's about 10 minutes from my
house), and it's pretty dope. The space is huge and the beers are
delicious. They even had Cards Against Humanity last time I went there.
I didn't get to try the barbecue they had (you can check out the menu on
their site), but I'm sure it's great. Also, this is close to my place, so
we can swing by their afterwards for a chill session.

Their tasting room opens at 4pm, so an arrival at 6pm is probably a safe
bet. They then close at midnight, so that should give us plenty of time.
To get there, you'll take the N or W train all the way to the last stop,
the Ditmars Blvd. stop. From there... it's a decent walk to the North,
I will warn you. But trust me, totally worth it.

Please let me know if you'll be attending and which time you'll show up, as
I can grab a reservation if we're gonna bring more than 10 people. As
always, any and everyone is welcome to come along and we'd love to have as
many attendees as possible. Friends and family are always welcome!

Can't wait to see you all there!
    

## The Guest List


* Hayden Chudy

## Additional Notes


- This is actually written as a plist! I finally find a good way to
  incorporate XML into this. Honestly, it was pretty easy. Well done Apple!
- This is my first beer club while not at Croscon, so I'll likely do a name
  change after this, but we can discuss that at the meetup.
- California was dope, and so where the Radiohead shows.
  - I did a tour around Anchor Steam brewery that was one of the most
    in-depth and enjoyable ones yet!
  - I also saw many pretty pictures and buildings.
    

Rendered from source file: [trips/012.plist](/trips/012.plist).