= Beer Club Round 13: [http://www.otherhalfbrewing.com/info#hello The Other Half] (5/19) =

Welcome to the first meeting of our new year!

Our New Year's Eve meetup was wonderful. While the turnout was lacking, the 
nachos and beer weren't, and there was a New Orleans style jazz/ska band. And 
some of the weirdest cartoons I've ever seen. Then we went to my apartment and 
played Jurassic Park II on the SNES (Pook's not that great) and Street Fighter 
II Turbo (he's also not great at that).

However, new month, new brewery. So, what's in store this time?

== brew cask install hjc/beerclub/13 ==

For the first trip of our second year, we're gonna head back to Brooklyn, near 
where Folksbier was, for [http://www.otherhalfbrewing.com/info#hello Other Half Brewing]. 
Other Half is a young brewery founded in 2014 that makes limited 
release small batches of their beers. They do distribute draft to the local 
Brooklyn area, and sell cans and bottles on site (with really excellent 
designs). They have a big focus on IPA's, but make some pretty damn good ones 
(I've had the Flowerzz myself). They also have wonderful names, such as Meek 
Millet and Forgot About Drie. There' no food here, I can't find a shot of 
their tap room for the life of me, and I also don't know what's on tap (there 
will be lots of IPA's though). So... this one is kind of a gamble. 

Luckily, it's not far out. It's located by Folksbier and should be a 35 minute 
train ride from the Chelsea area. Hell, if space becomes a problem, we can even 
relocate to Folksbier, as they were quite accommodating.

Their tasting room is open from 5pm to 10pm, so an arrival of 5:30pm to 6pm 
should be ideal. There's also some good food in this area for afterwards 
(including a Momofoku Milk Bar). Just hop on the F Train and get off at the 
Smith-9th St. station and you're there!

Not sure about reservations on this one, but if I get a good amount of RSVP's, 
I'll give it a shot. As always, anyone is welcome to join us!

== Additional Notes ==

* Elisha and I [https://www.facebook.com/VICELANDTV/videos/414622492236341 are famous].
* I'm going to DC with plans to visit a beer garden this weekend, so I'll drink for you all.
* I wrote this in the MediaWiki syntax. Can't really complain.
** Well, except the way it joins wrapped paragraphs is INSANE.
** Standard bulleted list test.
*** Very simple.
** Very sane.
