# Bier Klub Round 15: [Two If By Sea](https://www.kegandlanternbrooklyn.com) (7/21)

Man, it's been hot lately and even though it feels like we just met, who's
getting thirsty?

Yup, it's time for another Bier Klub (I changed the spelling on my own
volition) and I'm pretty excited for this one. At our last outing, we went out
to my neighborhood in Astoria and visited the Bohemian Beer Garden. With an
enormous amount of space, some great bar grub, and delicious Czech beers, it
was quite the grand time. Then, those of us who do not self-identify as the
Wicked Witch of the West (you know who you are), went back to my apartment and
just chilled for a bit.

Since that last meetup, I've started a new job and gone to D.C. for what feels
like 800,000 times, so I've been a little light on time and am just now getting
to this. In better news, we DO have a Facebook page now! And I even posted the
event date early on that page! If you aren't in the Facebook group, friend Eli
or myself on Facebook and just ask for an invite. The standard invites will
still come out, but for those with a social life, Facebook should help.

Anyway, where the hell am I taking us this time?

## brew cask install hjc/bierklub/15

Since we've been going to Queens so often lately, I figured it was time for
a trip out to Brooklyn and a visit to my co-founder's neighborhood of
Greenpoint. To that end, we will be heading to [Keg and
Lantern](https://www.kegandlanternbrooklyn.com), a brewpub that Mr. Gullian has
been talking up lately. Keg and Lantern harkens back to some of our older
venues, such as ABC Beer Co. and McSorley's. While they don't distribute the
beer they brew, they do brew in house and have over 15 beers on tap. In
addition to that, they are a brew**pub**, so they also have food! They have
a varied brew style and should have something for everyone, featuring a number
of IPA's, ales, and lagers of various styles, and even a sour on cask. On the
food front, they have what you'd expect of a bar: burgers, sandwiches, fish and
chips, etc.

From the pictures on their site, they have a pretty spacious area, including
a backyard, so finding a table shouldn't be too hard. That said, if we get
enough RSVP's, I'll be sure to call ahead and try to secure a reservation.
Their hours of operations are from 11am to 4am, so we can arrive and leave
pretty much whenever we want.

I think going with our classic arrival of around **6pm on Friday, July 21st**
on will work out great for us. The travel options are either anything to the
G, getting off at the Nassau Ave. stop, or the classic Ferry ride. Since I'm
now based in the lower end of the West Village, I'll be taking a train.

As always, any and everyone is welcome to attend, so feel free to bring family
and friends, or have them meet us there.

See you all soon!

## The Guest List

* Hayden Chudy
* Rachel Epstein
* Eli Gundry
* Adam Heim

## Additional Notes

* I mentioned the Facebook group earlier, but go join that.
* Just did this in raw MD as I still work on my Django site for the club, which
  is basically happening during all my Django learning times.
* New job goes well, good people, good culture, and good comp + benefits, so
  far.
  * The new hour long commute is rough though =(.
* Going to see Gorillaz in D.C. this coming Monday.
* A few of us have Fleet Foxes in a little over a week!
* That's really all I got right now... I mean, making strong progress in my WoW
  raids as well, but I think that sums up my entire life (FeelsBadMan).
