# Croscon Beer Club Round 19: [Beersgiving](http://cannibalnyc.com/) (11/22)

Before you go home to enjoy a turkey leg, let's break some bread in the city and have a few
beers!

Last time was Weekend at Pookie's, we spent some time in Circa Brewing, with some dope pizza
and beer (I can't recall what I drank though... but I liked it!). Then we went to Pook's
fancy new apartment and played some video games. After everyone set out, I got a tour around
vegan town and took home a new cutting board!

Now what? And why before Thanksgiving?

## brew cask install croscon/beerclub/19

For our 19th trip, we're actually going to stay in Manhattan (can't remember the last time we did
that) and go to [the Cannibal Beer & Butcher](http://cannibalnyc.com/). Cannibal is actually a
butchery in addition to a bar. You can get hot dogs, steaks, cheese plates, a pig's head, or
even roasted bone marrow. I have no idea what you can get to drink though, but I'm sure it
will impress. This is a Chris G recommendation, after all!

Getting there is rather simple, Cannibal is on East 29th street, just north of Madison Square
Park. The 28th street W or R stop is a perfect place to let you off, but I'm sure you all know
how to get there, it's an area we should all be... experienced with. We'll show up around
**6pm on Wednesday, November 22nd, 2017**. Why the 22nd? Why a Wednesday? Why the day before
Thanksgiving? Mostly because I've spent roughly the last month in California and I still
want to get a Beer Club in  this month (no reason to break our streak!). The one week I was
in NYC we had two Grizzly Bear shows and the week after Thanksgiving, it's December 1st on
that Friday and I'll be in Europe.

As always, anyone is welcome to join, but some RSVP's would be appreciated, I think space
could be kinda tight. I'm also expecting a very light turnout for this event, so it shouldn't
be a big issue.

See you soon!

## The Guest List

* HJC
* EG
* ????

## Other Notes

* Fuck California.
  * Facebook is fine, but California is boring as shit and super inconvenient.
    * Beer's good though.
* I'm gonna be a C++ engineer now!
* I come back to NYC this Saturday and then no more California for me.
* Rented a car, been doing some driving.
* Saw some really big trees and some great dogs.
* In 'n Out is good.
* So far I've watched on a plane:
  * The Martian: A+
  * Wonder Woman: A-
    * Villian is kinda lame, tbh.
  * The Nice Guys: B+
    * Surprisingly good. Gosling and Crowe both give a really great performance and it's
      super entertaining. Not the greatest comedy ever though.
