# Croscon Beer Club Round 20: [Beer Luck](https://goo.gl/UwN13j) 12/17

It's the holidays and it's cold outside folks, so let's warm our hearts
with some good brews and some fun games!

It's been a crazy few past beer clubs, and for that I can only apologize,
but I think we all enjoyed our last outing. Even though there was an
amazing selection of decadent (and expensive) beers, the food was actually
the star. The ham, the steak, the chicken, and, my god, the roasted bone
marrow. I just really don't even know how to describe, but if you weren't
there, you really missed out.

So, what kind of unorthodox meetup do we have this time?

## brew cask install croscon/beerclub/20

For our second Christmas meetup, we're just gonna go to Brian's house!
Brian, our loyal game night host, has agreed to host a game night/beer
club hybrid at his own, lovely home. The beer selection in this one,
is totally up to us. Whatever you don't bring, is what we're not drinking.
So, make sure to bring some great beers and some snacks with you. I'm
not sure what we'll be eating, but at the worst case, we'll just order
a pizza.

In terms of games, Brian has a whole host of great party and multiplayer
video games we can play, but you're certainly welcome to bring anything
you think we'd enjoy (his console of choice is the PS4). Popular games
we've played in the past were Codenames (duh), Keep Talking and No One
Explodes, and even Quiplash. There's a whole host of games we haven't
gotten to touch though.

Due to the nature of this meetup, the day will also be weird. We'll
be arriving at [Brian's Home](https://goo.gl/UwN13j) around **5 PM
on Sunday, December 17**, and not this Friday. Yes, this is the
weekend of the Croscon Holiday Party, but we've got a nice day off
in between to relax.

As always, anyone is welcome to join us, but please do RSVP this time,
for Brian's sake. The best way to get there is to take the PATH to
Hoboken, and then take a quick Lyft from there (please do note that
you're going to Sherman **PLACE** and not the other option, which
I won't even list).

See you soon!

## The Guest List

* HJC
* Mr. Jones (and me)
* Heimster
* BRose
* Ranch$

## Other Notes

* Went to London, it's amazing.
  * This is now my number 2 city to live in in the future. LUVVVVVEEEDDD IT!
  * Their train station out was a nightmare though.
  * Had some beef Wellington, lot of cask ales.
* Also went to Amsterdam, was great fun.
* The food I've eaten in the past week has been out of this world. Just amazing.
* My step-sister got engaged while I was out.
